Actors: Customer, manager, admin, database, staff
Goals:

- track which rental belongs to which customer
- view cars of different sizes
- search the system
- view the price of a car
- view the type of car
- pay for the rental
- record the customer's details


NEW USER STORIES:

UC1:
As a staff, I want to track which rental belongs to which customer so I can keep track of inventory. 

UC2:
As a customer, I want to be able to view cars of different sizes so I can choose a car large enough to suit my needs.

UC3:
As a customer I want to be able to search the system so I can find a car that suitably matches my needs.

UC4:
As a customer I want to view the price of a car so I can decide if it fits my budget.

UC5:
As a customer, I want to view the type of car so I can decide if I like it.

UC6: As a customer I want be able to pay for the rental so it is reserved for me. 

UC7: As a staff member, I want to record the customer's details for the sake of book-keeping.

UC8: As a customer, I want the final net price to be displayed so I can decide if it fits my budget.

UC9: As a customer, I want  a confirmation email so I know the booking has been made. 

UC10: As a staff member I want to be able to log in to the system so I can configure details of the system.

UC11: As a staff member I want to be able to log out to maintain security and privacy.

UC12: As an admin, I want to enter new car information to the system so I can keep it up to date.

UC13: As a staff member I want to keep track of each car's associated attributes for the sake of keeping track of inventory. 

UC14: As a manger I want to be able to generate weekly reports so I can do accounting.  






- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

customer - 3, 4, 5, 8, 10

As a customer, I want a service that I can rent a car from that matches my needs and payment is clear and simple.
I also want confirmation via email that my booking is confirmed.


Company - 1, 2, 6, 7, 9, 11, 12, 13, 14

As an employee, I want a system that enables customers to 
temporarily rent cars for a fee for a specified period and 
lets me keep track of all their relavent details that also 
has suitable security and minimizes risk. I should also be 
able to enter new information to the system and generate 
reports detailing a summary of transactions for a given 
period of time

1) As a company, I want to rent cars for a fee in order to generate revenue. (100h) HIGH
	
	Acceptance criteria:
		When a customer rents a car through the system, the system 
		processes the transaction and the customer is charged a fee.

2) As a company, I want to categorize my cars into groups of small, medium,
 large and premium cars to introduce pricing tiers, monitor stock use and 
 increase navigatability for the customer. (10h) MEDIUM

	Acceptance criteria:
		When I look up a car category, the system generates a list
		of only the correct cars in that category and displays it
		to the customer.

3) As a customer, I want to specify search criteria to find a car so that
 my needs are easily met. (5h) LOW

	Acceptance criteria:
		When I search for a car with specific criteria, the system 
		finds a suitable list of cars according to my needs and 
		displays it.

4) As a company, I want to customers to provide information about themselves
 so that I have personal details for record, insurance and marketing purposes. (2h) HIGH

	Acceptance criteria:
		When a customer rents a car, the system records their details
		and stores it.
		
		When a company looks up a customer name, the system searches
		its database for the customer's details and displays it to
		the employee.

5) As an insurance provider, I want to be able to review customer's information
 in order to charge an appropriate fee. (3-5h) HIGH

	Acceptance criteria:
		When the insurance provider provides insurance to a customer,
		the system provides customer details to the insurance provider
		so that they can calculate an appropriate fee.
		
		When the company gets a new  car, the system updates and
		checks that the new car is insured.

6) As a customer, I want to know the net price of a rental so I can decide if
 I want to go through with the transaction. (2h) MEDIUM

	Acceptance criteria:
		When the customer rents a car, the system adds up all costs and displays
		a single price to the customer.

7) As a company, I want payments to be handled using an external credit card
 system to minimize financial risk. (5h) HIGH

	Acceptance criteria:
		When the customer decides to pay, the system redirects them 
		to an external credit card system so they can pay securely.

8) As a customer, I want to have a confirmation email so that I have a proof of purchase. (2h) LOW

	Acceptance criteria:
		When the customer has completed his payment, the system finds
		their email address and generates an email containing a proof
		of purchase and sends it to the customer, and the customer 
		receives the email.

9) As a company, I want the system to require a username and password to maintain
 a high level of security. (20h) HIGH

	Acceptance criteria:
		When an authorized user inputs the correct log in details, the
		system verifies that it is correct and updates their session
		into a logged in state.
		
		When incorrect login details are provided, the system rejects
		the log in attempt and does not allow the user to enter the
		logged in state

10) As an admin, I want to be able to enter new car information into the
 system so that the system stays up to date. (5h) MEDIUM

	Acceptance criteria:
		When an admin enters new car information, the system creates
		a new record with relavent information and the system is
		updated. Customers are also able to rent the car.

11) As a company, I want each vehicle to have relavent details recorded
 so that I can keep track of stock. (15h) MEDIUM

	Acceptance criteria:
		When an employee want to check on the stock, the system looks up
		relavent information on the stock and displays it.
		

12) As a manager, I want to be able to generate weekly reports to be able to calculate weekly finances. (5h) LOW

	Acceptance criteria:
		When a manager requests a weekly report, the system automatically
		gathers relavent details and displays it in a standardized
		report format.
